Q: Can this be translated into an arbitrary set of languages?
	> There can be an automatic translator (like asking google to translate this webpage), with the option to have a specific overriding translation saved for a Page.
	> All pages will have a button to suggest changes, whether that's about info, or translations, whatever. Also provides onramp to being a volunteer.
	> Language edits should be considered normal edits, not some kind of special edit.
	A: Really, I should consult someonw about how to handle myriad languages. Maybe the automatic translator will work fine enough though (probably not).
Q: Can the list of items be truly Global?
	> If Global, then edits are through github, not volunteer editor.
	> If Global standard plus local edits, then its through volunteer editor.
Q: How large is the Location of a local piece of info?
	> Depots are point-like.
	> Pickup Region can be drawn as a set of polygons or something, or a circle, doesn't matter significantly.
	> If a Page has a local override on any global info, do local volunteers need to coordinate with volunteers in neighboring areas to agree on the local override region?
Q: Can we actually make a Page/SEO layer that's worth it for people to use?
	> It could be not worth it if there's a lot of default info that need to be overrided.
Q: How does this apply to reuse? (thrift, repair)
	A: If you dont want it, it's waste. A perfectly good piece of clothing is still waste, but a thrift store will accept that waste. A repair place may turn waste into non-waste and return it to you.
Q: What kind of images can be legally used?
Q: How to make the Waste Guide fast to interact with for a volunteer from a company that just needs to add a couple small things, without them having too much power, or it taking too long and they quit?
	A: Yes, the volunteer onboarding needs to be fast. Once again, need to research wiki permission cultures.
Q: The coverage of Locations by volunteers needs to be thorough enough, otherwise volunteer-poor Locations will have bad info. But this is an incentive for local volunteers to rise up.
Q: Some quick numbers: there's approx 1,000,000 storefronts in the US, and approx 6,000 of those are in CO. If we assume 1/10th accept material from customers in some way, that's 600 for CO. I can't imagine that's too many, right?
Q: Should we allow for volunteers to hide Pages?
	A: My guess is no?
Q: Can we provide tools in the volunteer CMS to make various processes easier?
	> Changing boundries to fit around certain Locations, understanding which Pages they need to make local edits for or maintain local Depot info, etc.
	> All the standard tire pages, all the standard plastic pages, etc.
Q: Should the Eco-Cycle A-Z Guide be shaped in preparation for becoming Waste Guide?
	A: No, I want control over the initial language and structure of much of this, and I can move faster this way.
Q: How will the servers be funded?
Q: 


Q: Will Depots be respected by random volunteers, or will they put bad slapdash info in and anger Depots?
Q: Could the plastics industry use the Waste Guide as a platform for propoganda?
Q: How would tangent articles be linked to from pages?
Q: Should people have better knowledge of their local waste services? Could people having this information cause problems?
Q: Could large entities (Routeware) stop Waste Guide from happening?
Q: What question set should I pose to a person from Routeware etc? And record general responses to.
Q: What are the different options for supporting this website upkeep financially?
Q: Is it possible for Waste Guide to evolve into something bad eventually?
Q: 

*Q: Can groups of volunteers negotiate with eachother to establish "local" Regions?
*	> Can all of Minnesota choose a different word for waterfountain than their neighbors?
Q: What does a wiki permission higherarchy look like? Can some high level contributors submit sweeping edits to group of other high level contributors for confirmation? Can low-level contributors stop this?
Q: How do we ensure that edit confirmations aren't captured by trolls or other malicious actors?
	> Could large regions be locally edited by a large entity to enshittify the Waste Guide?
*	A: However a normal wiki ensures this, so IDK.
Q: Can I talk to enough stakeholders to ensure that this tool will be used by them? (users, volunteers, depot managers, municipalities, other guide providers)
Q: Can we make the guide good enough for volunteers to feel that giving their labor for free is worth it?
Q: Do atoz companies try to cover all objects with Pages? Do they have general guidance, or just a blank slate tool?
Q: What are the reasons why I think atozs haven't scaled in use?
Q: 
